I'm the queen now.
Watch The Queen
This was the Queen Mother's idea.
There will be a queen's ceremony tomorrow.
Master
There was no need to be afraid of the name Changchun Palace causing any waves.
Wake up.
After the sealing ceremony tomorrow.
The bow is master for you.
Let Miao Tu Hy and the other lady in the underworld reunite.
Thank the Queen.
Slave to see Lady Yao
Duke Su
You're afraid you didn't get the wrong person.
This is in front of you.
But the Queen
Don't blame the Queen.
This was the emperor's will.
The king and the princess are waiting for you at the palace.
Waiting for you to burn incense for the dead queen
Received the recognition of the first queen
There can be a ceremony.
The slaves report first.
Lady, this must be Miao Tzu who is a demon.
The Queen is dead.
One dead man.
How can you stop me from being promoted to queen?
Lady Yao came
This is the first time I have seen a woman in such a spirit.
Isn't this Lady Chiao Hua?
I see Your Majesty.
Yao Fei, you're here.
Hurry up and fly with me.
Smell the queen first.
I'll see how long you can be proud.
Waiting for Yao Fei to be queen
The day of your death has come.
Big sister.
I will follow your example of good management of the harem.
Help the Emperor.
Please accept my sister.
I'm in charge of the Impressions.
Mother Tools
What?
It's broken.
The Empress of Enlightenment